Previously on The O.C...
Do you have another shirt I can borrow?
I've had just about enough out of you.
That's too bad 'cause
I'm just getting started.
You almost kissed Cohen?
It was not an almost kiss.
It was a nose graze.
I just talked to the guy at Wildstorm.
I set up a meeting.
We're going to San Diego.
Sandy, I've got
a couple of strokes
Rebecca Bloom
- You're still in love with her.
- She's dead.
How'd she take the news about my return?
I haven't told her yet.
I don't want her to be
considered an accomplice.
Sandy, is that you?
Rebecca?
Ryan, I had no idea you felt this way.
Don't look at me,
they were here when I came in.
Hey, you do realize Valentine's Day
is tomorrow, right?
Yeah, well, we're starting
a little earlier this year.
Your mother deserves
an extra long holiday
with your grandfather in the hospital.
And with you burning
the midnight oil as much as you have.
Why don't you guys give me a hand, huh?
The rest of the flowers
are out in the car.
You've got more flowers?
There's such a thing as overkill.
Man, your parents are pretty
hard core about Valentine's Day.
I just hope I survive
this hateful holiday.
Mm, still broken up
over the Alex breakup?
Nope, it's emotional child's play compared
to what we're dealing with now, Ryan.
Summer's back.
Yeah, and I don't want it
to be, believe me.
But apparently the universe
has other plans for us.
The universe is involved now.
Why else would I be forced to go to San
Diego with her on the one-year anniversary
of our sexual tête-à-tête
or pas de deux, if you will.
As long as it's not a menage a trois,
since you will be going to San Diego
with Zach, her boyfriend.
Yeah, and my friend.
Dude, I don't want to go
to San Diego, okay?
I don't want to go
anywhere near Summer.
Yeah, but the, uh, the universe.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, shouldn't be a problem for you.
I mean, you and Summer
been friends for a while now, right?
Yes, and I'd be a little more confident
about my chances of cheating fate and
not cheating,
if Summer and I hadn't made out.
You guys made out?
No. But our noses grazed
and it was like the most
sexually-charged nose graze
in the history of nose grazes.
It's essentially nose
humping is what it is.
So what am I going to do?
I'm going to tell you
what you're going to do.
You're going to go down to San Diego
with your friend Summer and
her boyfriend-- your friend-- Zach,
and you're going to keep it in yourtrousers,
all right? Nothing can happen, got it?
Yeah
- I have no heart, I hate Valentine's Day.
- And that's why you're my son.
What about you, Ryan?
You have anything lined up for Lindsay?
Uh, no, Lindsay and I are taking a break.
She's getting to know her dad.
So for Valentine's Day
you're getting Lindsay grandpa.
Yeah. That's bad, right?
Dad, step in here, help a brother out.
This guy's got mad
Valentine's Day skills, bitch.
Word, son. I hope I've learned something
after 20 years with your dear mother.
That's right, it's her favorite holiday
Yeah, which means she's probably gearing
up for the Cupid routine right now
Here's my Valentine.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Looks like I'm not the only one
at odds with the universe.
Traduction: Xavier
Synchro vo : OxYPuR / Scidou
www.forom.com
I think I know what this is about
and I can explain.
You lied to me, Sandy.
- No, I didn't lie.
- You told me Rebecca was dead.
When I told you that, I thought she was.
I went to your office last night
and she was standing there.
Oh. You saw her.
And then I came home,
you and I had dinner
and nothing, you didn't say a word.
She's accused of a very serious crime.
Anything I would tell you about her
could make you an accessory.
Don't try to get off
on a technicality.
This is about our marriage.
You and I come first.
I did what I thought I had to do.
She's innocent.
And she's my client.
She's not just your client.
You were in love with her. Don't pretend
this isn't complicated for you.
You're damn right it's complicated.
Look...
There's nothing going on between us.
Please, let's not fight.
Tomorrow's Valentine's Day.
Happy day before Valentine's Day.
Okay...
Uh, you said that we should
take a break.
In relationship speak,
they call this mixed signals.
I know, but it didn't really occur to me at
the time that Valentine's Day was coming up.
You  don't want to be alone
on Valentine's Day.
Aw, you are such a girl.
So what do you think?
You want to take some time off
from taking time off?
Sure.
- If... you do something for me.
- Yeah, name it. Anything.
- Apologize to Caleb.
- Except that.
I'm not saying it's your fault.
I'm just going to be spending time over
there while he's recuperating
and if you two are at each other's throats, it's
going to be really uncomfortable for everyone.
So  if I apologize, I get to take you
out for Valentine's Day?
Me and Cal. Happy to do it.
Zach?
Hey, Cohen, you're early.
Yeah, I just wanted to, um,
stop by and check in before Zach
got here and sort of touch base.
Something you want to talk about?
- Huh?
- What?
You came here.
Yeah, no, I know.
I, uh... I just wanted
to make sure that
you're dressing warmly.
And you are, so, great.
You know, actually, there is
something I want to ask you.
Are these earrings too bling
for a meeting?
I don't want to come off trashy.
No, I think they're fine.
Listen, Summer.
I know that the three of us sometimes,
working together can get pretty weird.
So I just... I have to say that if it
ever maybe gets to be too much for you...
Hey, broken record. I'm fine.
I just want us
to kick ass on our pitch.
I really care about
this comic book.
What, is that so hard to believe?
- You guys ready to hit the road?
- Hey, did you MapQuest the meeting?
Yeah, I got directions, got snacks.
He's gonna pack snacks.
- The motor's running.
- All right. Shotgun!
Come on, move it, Cohen.
San Diego is not driving to us.
For God's sake,
the door is ten feet away.
Must I be humiliated in this chair?
Oh, Dad, just humor us.
You can lose the chair
when you get home.
Oh, that reminds me.
I, uh, brought you a little care package.
That's very thoughtful of you.
-"Mad Libs"
-Oh, those were my favorite when I was a kid.
Well, I hope you'll be around
long enough to teach me how to play.
Julie's still gallivanting
around in Europe,
which means I got that
big old house all to myself.
- Well, what about Marissa?
- Marissa can't be bothered.
She's too busy running around
with that tattooed new friend of hers.
Well, if you're looking for company,
I know that Ryan wanted
to stop by for a visit.
Oh, I think I've seen
just about enough of him.
Lindsay, why don't you go find
the chauffeur and see if he'll pull up.
Sure.
You and Lindsay seem
to be making strides.
That's a lot of regret,
coming into her life so late.
You know how you can
make it up to her?
Make things right with Ryan.
What is it with my daughters
and that kid?
- Dad.
- Fine, fine.
Lindsay, can three people play Mad Libs?
Sure, why?
Well, I thought it might be quite nice
to invite Ryan over for a round.
I understand he's handy
with an adverb.
Yeah, I'll call him right now.
Ugh, well, Olson's making records nows ?
-Oh, no, you don't like it?
- No.
Careful, man, if she doesn't like
your music she'll drive you off the road.
Hey! Cohen, that was so your fault.
Last year, he drove us into a ditch
on our way to Tijuana.
You guys did the TJ thing?
Actually we did the pit-stop-on-
the-way-to-TJ thing also.
God, we had to spend this night
in this sleazy-ass hell hole.
Seriously, it was like
Hepatitis Central.
Okay, it wasn't that bad.
Hello? Cohen... The bed was, like, covered
with all these tiny little curly hairs.
Oh, really? Well, I seem to remember
you begging me for a spot on that bed.
So who won?
Who got the bed?
Uh... I thinkwe worked it out..
I don't know that there was... yeah.
/ I don't really remember
Thank you.
I'm home
Anyone here?
Hello...?
I'm home.
How's the ticker?
Ticking, thankfully.
I wasn't expecting you today.
I canceled my trip to Nice so I could
come home and keep you company.
But I see you're already
doing fine in that department.
- Hi, Julie.
- Lindsay, hello.
Lindsay's making us some lunch.
Tuna sandwiches.
Want one?
I'll pass, thanks.
But it's nice to see you two have grown
so close since I've been gone.
Well, Ju-Ju, Lindsay and I are
in the midst of some Mad Libs.
I'm sure you want to go
freshen up.
Fine. I can take a hint.
Well,  make yourself at home.
Caleb's casa es su casa.
Okay, plural noun.
Marissa?
Oh, honey,
it's 1:00 in the afternoon.
Get out, Mom, I'm sleeping.
You and your stepfather
are quite the welcome wagon.
Do you want something?
Just to say hello to my daughter.
And to give you this.
It's a Chanel clutch. Every girl I saw
in Paris was carrying one of these.
Thanks, you can leave it
on the dresser.
Marissa.
You know, when I was in Europe
I did some real soul searching.
- I hope you didn't hurt yourself.
- I'm trying to talk to you.
Look, I know that
you've been angry with me.
- What gives you that idea?
- And you have your reasons.
I just think that it's time
to put those memories behind us.
It's time we became friends again.
Let's go to dinner, just the two of us.
Thanks, Mom, but I'm not that lame.
What if I took away
your BlackBerry?
And your cell phone.
- You can't take away my cell phone.
- Oh, I think I just did.
Are you going to throw the bedroom
furniture in the pool now? That's great.
You want to become friends
so you're blackmailing me.
That's a great plan, Mom.
I'll see you at dinner.
- Oh. Oh, not bad.
- Well, it beats living in my office.
Your office was fine. It was the running
into Kirsten part that was rough.
She must be furious.
Well, there was some poor roses
that took the brunt of it this morning.
I know I've complicated
your life lately...
and to thank you, I got you
a little Valentine's gift.
When I saw it, I couldn't resist.
Gandhi. Every time I see this, I think of you
snoring right next to me in that theater.
I couldn't help it-- it's a long movie.
It was our first date.
You could've stayed awake.
- Well, it was a lousy first-date movie.
- You're right.
Okay, I know that look.
You want to talk.
Oh, here's the thing.
I don't know if I'm
the best lawyer for you.
You know, I'm not that well schooled
in amnesty cases.
And it might put a strain
on your marriage.
- That, too.
- Okay.
I know you want to put this thing
behind you-- I want it over, too.
But you and I spending day after day
poring over my case,
our meetings stretching
into the wee hours.
There are days I think
Kirsten and me are bulletproof.
I don't want to test that theory.
I should've seen this coming.
One thing I know about you, Sandy Cohen:
you always do the right thing.
I'm gonna get you a list
of the best lawyers in town.
You're gonna get through this.
I wish I was getting
through this with you.
Well..
be careful what you wish for.
Hey, there.
How's your father doing?
He's okay.
- And you?
- About the same.
Credit card company called to verify
that you're staying at the Beachcomber?
It's for Rebecca. So she doesn't have
to stay at my office.
I know you're being put
in the middle of this,
but if you want to take her case,
I'm not gonna stand in your way.
I'm not gonna be her lawyer.
- Don't. Not because of me.
- Of course it's because of you.
I know enough not to mess
with my wife on Valentine's Day.
- Sandy.
- You didn't force me to do anything.
Well, maybe this is selfish of me,
but I have to say I'm happy.
Good.
There's one thing
you could do for me.
Please find a restaurant that still has
a reservation open for tomorrow night.
- I don't want to eat takeout on Valentine's Day.
- What are you in the mood for?
Oh... something with a view of the ocean...
and an overpriced prix fixe menu.
- Sounds like The Arches.
- Perfect.
I'll call them right now.
Hey, this is the last of these,
so should we make more copies?
You know, you don't have to hang
around here all day to help me.
Please. Any excuse to avoid my house.
My mom's been home for, like, three
hours, and already I'm going insane.
My mom used
to drive me crazy, too,
and then one day I just decided I was
not gonna let it bother me anymore.
You make it sound so easy.
No, every time my mom channels Satan,
I take a deep breath, count to three,
give her a big smile,
and say something like,
"Interesting idea, Mom--
I'll give that some thought."
And that really works?
Women like that,
they thrive on confrontation,
but if you refuse to engage, then there's
not really anything they can do,
which makes them go
even more out of their heads.
Wow, sounds like a fun way
to spend an evening.
But, you know, anyone who can make
my mom even crazier gets a free dinner.
So what do you say?
Okay.
But not tomorrow night. I don't do
Valentine's Day first dates
I think it's a jinx.
But next week...
...when we don't have Hallmark
breathing down our necks,
we'll go on a date. Cool?
Cool.
Okay, so...
let's go over this again.
I'll do the introduction.
Seth, you do the character arcs.
Zach...  you just need to relax a little
bit, man. I promise you have this.
You know what?
My teeth are all plaquey.
I'm going to go do a last-minute floss.
God... she is so OCD, man. Backpacking
with heris gonna be a nightmare.
You guys are going backpacking?
Yeah. My sister is getting
married in Tuscany.
- Summer's gonna be my date.
- Tuscany, like Italy?
Yeah. My family's renting a villa. But
we're just gonna stay for the wedding,
and then
we're gonna go off on our own.
You know, backpack through Cinque Terre,
maybe a weekend in Venice.
Wow! Doesn't sound... romantic at all.
Hey, are you guys here
to pitch to Mr. Bernstein?
Yes, we are.
He can't see you till tomorrow.
He got delayed coming back from Japan.
- What?
- They're gonna get you rooms in town
and I'll reschedule you for first
thing tomorrow, okay? ...Wildstorm.
Well, at least we'll have an extra night
to work on the pitch, huh, Seth?
Yeah. So just Cinque Terre and Venice or
maybe, like, Florence, too, or something?
You are dreading this, aren't you?
Pretty much. I'm sorry.
Can you blame me?
All right, look, it's like the dentist.
Think of how much better
you'll feel when it's over.
Go on, I'll wait here.
Hey, Mr. Nichol.
Came by to say hello.
Call me Caleb.
- So, you play pool.
- No. My first time.
Okay, I came by to apologize.
I'm sorry... if I had anything to do
with your heart attack.
Thank you, Ryan. I realize it wasn't easy
for you to string so many words together.
Excuse me?
I'm merely noting
how rarely I hear you talk.
- I guess I don't have much to say to you.
- Well, how about thank you?
For the fine education you're getting,
the roof over your head,
everything else I've done.
Like insulting me,
treating me like a criminal?
Well, you are a criminal. My do-gooder
son-in-law dragged you out of jail
and installed you
in his pool house, remember?
You know, Mr. Nichol, I don't
know why I try to talk to you.
It's just a waste of time.
So... how'd it go?
There's always next Valentine's Day.
Oh. One bed, huh?
Looks like Zach and I
are getting cozy tonight.
Cohen, we got adjoining rooms, man;
you're in here.
- We do? Really?
- Yeah.
Oh, well, then, okay... One second, though.
If I'm in here, that means that...
Then what, you-you guys
would be in here?
Yeah. Is that okay?
Well, sure, yeah.
I mean... well, it makes sense.
Yeah, that's fine, that's great.
That's actually perfect.
Um, so, then... I take it you two
will be in here... uh, in there,
actually, uh, uh,
together, and I will be...
just on the other side of this...
sound-soundproof wall.
Hey. You okay?
-Yeah
no, I'm fine. I'm just having an
allergic... reaction to... the universe.
Here you go.
I got your coffee.
Oh, thanks, Sandy, but I...
I've given up on that stuff.
I never thought I'd see the day. You used
to average a pot an hour as I recall.
Yeah. That's probably why I never slept.
That and... you keeping me up all hours,
bending my ear with
your right-wing conspiracies.
Who else was gonna listen to me?
See, I assumed that you were
prepping me for father-in-law duty,
and... then everything changed.
- I feel like I'm jumping ship here, Max.
- No, no, no, no, you're not.
I mean, your conscience, Sanford...
I mean, it's always worked in overdrive.
No. Leaving you and Rebecca
just when we found her.
The-the rest will work itself out.
If you're not drinking coffee,
what are you drinking?
Green tea.
Supposedly it's a detoxifier...
Who knows, maybe if I started it earlier,
I, uh... I would've held up better.
I'll go get you some.
There's a cafe right down the pier.
- I'll be back in a sec.
- Okay, thanks, Sandy.
You know what, we should turn in early.
We've got the pitch at the crack of dawn.
Why don't we watch another movie.
I think Van Helsing is on pay-per-view.
I like monsters. Don't know
about the rest of you.
- I'm pretty tired.
- Me, too.
Well, then why don't we go
to the gift shop
and see maybe if they have cards,
'cause then we could play gin
or I could do some sleight
of hand for you guys.
- Cohen... go to bed.
- Yes, okay
But listen, I'm gonna be in here if
you guys need me or anything.
Psst. Maybe we should invent a secret
knock, just in case, for whatever.
Good night, Cohen.
That's the knock we use
Hey, Max, hey,
they didn't have any green tea,
but I got you some jasmine.
You... you drink jasmine?
Hey, Max?
There's no way there's three shots
of espresso in there.
You look kind of spent, Seth.
- Did you sleep at all?
- Yep. Got a solid 15 minutes.
They say that's all you need.
What about you guys? Probably
didn't sleep too well, huh?
I slept fine, actually.
Hi, guys. I'm Larry Bernstein.
Come on in.
Okay, he's ready.
Showtime, come on, come on.
Well, guys I read the treatment
and I think it's interesting.
Good, great, glad to hear it.
And on behalf of all of us, the three of us,
sitting three across in your office,
uh, uh, thank you.
And we like your jacket.
Uh, you're welcome and thank you.
But putting pretty people by the beach
isn't enough for me, even if they have
powers. So let's talk about characters.
Great. Okay, first of all,
what can I tell you?
We've got Kachino with his fists
of fury, okay?
He's a kid, he's from the
wrong side of the tracks.
Think Karate Kid, now take away the karate.
Let them marinate and we've got Cosmo Girl.
She's got a passion for fashion
and a magic flask to boot.
But what I want
to do right now, actually,
is to take you to the white-hot
center of our comic, okay?
The core relationship of really
what I think we're doing here.
Now, what I'm talking about here
is passion. But real passion.
Not the kind of passion you buy for $1.99
at the grocery store with a can of soup.
- Cohen, what does that even mean?
- I have no idea.
So you're saying there's a love story.
- Yeah.
- No!
Oh, no, no. Definitely not.
Yeah, there is. Now, maybe you
can't see it and maybe you can't.
But let me tell you something.
I promise you this. It's there.
Amongst the demon water polo players
that arise from the toxic Pacific
and attack Atomic County,
it's a love story for our time.
- For all time.
- Mm-hmm. Between who?
Yeah, Cohen, between who?
Why, between the Ironist
and little Miss Vixen.
What?
The Ironist and little Miss Vixen.
The Ironist, whose quick quips
and pop-culture-laden bromides
can fell even the most
insidious of villains.
Little Miss Vixen. So cute and so sweet
in her black leather.
Her Amex card can decapitate a demon up to
100 yards away especially when she senses
- her true love, the Ironist, is in danger.
- Well, this is an interesting approach.
- Yes, but not one we've discussed.
- No, there is no love story.
Not yet, there isn't. Okay, stop. Here's
the thing. And the thing is this, sir.
If the Ironist and Little Miss Vixen
could put their differences aside
for just one issue and stop their bickering
and stop their bantering
-- even though the readers might
find it adorable--
I really feel like they would realize how
much more evil they could vanquish together.
No, Cohen, they can't.
Um, look, we're really sorry, sir.
This is not the comicthat
we wanted to pitch to you.
Yes, well, it has some promise,
but you three are clearly not ready
- to forge a partnership.
- Clearly.
So get back to me...
after high school.
The coroner said he guessed
it was a stroke.
He didn't suffer.
- We can be grateful for that.
- I'm so sorry.
- I know.
- And Rebecca?
Well, she's doing her best.
I'm sorry I didn't call till late
and stayed out till this morning.
I understand.
- I still want to go out tonight.
- Sandy, it's just Valentine's Day.
- We can celebrate another time.
- No, I-I think we need this.
I'm not used to things being so...
like they are right now, you know?
- I... I don't like it.
- Me neither.
I tell you what.
I'm going to go take a power nap
and when I wake up, I want to see you
dolled up in your Valentine's finest.
Hey. I thought we agreed we weren't
doing the Valentine's thing.
I know. Just give me
one more chance with him.
It'll only take a few hours.
Oh, great. You're back.
Can I talk to you for a second
in your study?
Look, I'd say we need to talk,
but clearly that doesn't work for us.
So what do you want to do,
take a swing at me?
You might as well. I'm the only person
in town you haven't punched.
I'll make you a bet.
We play pool.
If you win, I stay out of your way,
but if I win, you have to accept me
as Lindsay's boyfriend.
What is this,
The Color Of Money?
- It's absurd.
- Got a better idea?
- Fine. Best of seven.
- Rack 'em.
Well, what would you like
to talk about? Clothes, school?
Why don't you cut to the chase?
Tell me what this is really about.
It's not about anything, except
that I'm very happy to be here with you.
Now that your father's gone and
Kaitlin's in boarding school,
it's like we're all
that's left of the family
and it just makes sense
for us to lean on each other.
You act like you're all alone.
I mean, you have Caleb.
You know, Marissa, I think you're old enough
now that I can be honest with you about this.
I worry about Caleb and me,
that we might not make it.
Come on, Mom. If you two can't
make it, no one can.
The point is, whatever happens between
Caleb and me, I'll survive.
What I could never handle
is losing you.
Well, thanks.
I almost believe you.
Oh, honey. You and me,
we need to play our cards right.
What do you mean, "our cards"?
Just that we spend our time
with Caleb wisely.
I've already launched the
magazine, it's a good start.
But I'd like to control a little more
of the company, just in case.
If we can play happy family for just a few
more months, I can figure out my next move.
- Oh, my God, Mom. You are unbelievable.
- What?
Do you want your inheritance
going to little Miss Lindsay?
Because that is where
this is headed
unless you put in some serious
face time with your stepfather.
That's an interesting idea, Mom.
I'll think about it.
Now why don't you tell me
about your trip?
Okay, Cohen, you want to explain
that meltdown before?
Look, if there's something you want
to say to me, now's your chance.
You know, I just think I'm gonna
lay off the caffeine forever.
Fine. Don't say I didn't ask.
You ready to hit the road?
Yeah, you know, actually,
I think I'm just gonna take the bus.
- The bus?
- Fine with me.
You know, actually, if we're not going
to take Cohen home, we could stay here.
We have the room
and it's Valentine's Day.
Yeah, since you guys are going to Italy, you
can start getting used to the hotel life.
Okay, headed to the bus depot.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Hello?
Oh, I expected to get your voicemail.
I thought you'd be out with your wife.
No, we've got a late reservation.
We're just on our way out.
Oh, okay I won't keep you.
I, um, I just, uh...
I didn't want to disappear again
without saying good-bye.
What are you talking about?
I'm leaving.
Don't try to talk me out of it.
Let's be realistic.
My chances of getting off are slim.
- Well, isn't it worth trying?
- Not if I don't have my father anymore.
- So when are you leaving?
- Tonight.
I guess there's no chance of you swinging
over here to say good-bye in person?
Oh, I don't think so.
- Let me get back to you.
- Okay.
Rebecca?
Yeah, she's, uh... she's leaving tonight.
Going back to God knows where.
- She wants to say good-bye.
- Yeah.
Well, if you want to go,
I'm not going to try and stop you.
I'll be right back.
I think we've actually
salvaged Valentine's Day.
Even though Cohen did
his best to destroy it.
I don't think he's ever
going to get over you.
I've kind of accepted it.
Look, Zach, those are
his issues, not mine.
Good. Because all I really care
about is that you and I are okay.
Look at us. We're in a hotel room
by ourselves on Valentine's Day.
- I think we're okay.
- Good.
I mean, we weren't even supposed to be here.
It's like fate handed us this dream date.
So why don't we just make
the most of it?
Um, Summer, before we do anything,
I need to tell you something.
- Who is it?
- It doesn't matter.
Your shot.
- You don't seem worried.
- Should I be?
- You're about to lose.
- I don't think so. You're a hothead, Ryan.
- Pool takes a steady hand.
- Well, I've got a steady hand.
Then why do you always
find yourself in trouble?
Setting fires,
impregnating teenage girls...
I know what you're trying to do.
It's not going to work.
Come on, Ryan.
It's all very chivalrous. This challenging
me to a duel for Lindsay's affection.
But, you know, ultimately
she's gonna side with me.
- I'm her father.
- Who abandoned her for 16 years.
That's all in the past.
I don't think Lindsay sees it that way.
Corner.
Well, this may be the way you
settle things where you come from.
A game of pool, maybe a barstool
over someone's head,
but in real life,
it takes more than that.
Hey. Sorry, we're done.
Good, I was starting
to worry about you guys.
- Well, enjoy your date. It's on me.
- Thanks.
So what do you want to do?
Maybe go to Balboa Island,
milkshakes and bumper cars?
You know what, why don't you guys
stay here tonight?
- Are you sure? It's Valentine's Day.
- Yeah, well, tomorrow night.
Okay. But have fun.
Maybe rent a movie or something.
I hear The Color of Money
is pretty good.
Hi, it's Kirsten Cohen.
I'd like to cancel a reservation.
And what time was your reservation ?
So you bailed on your wife
on Valentine's Day.
That doesn't seem like
a Sandy Cohen move.
It isn't.
I wanted to say good-bye to you.
But now I've got to go.
Oh, I think we've already missed dinner.
So stay here.
I've been without you for 20 years,
but still, I'm gonna miss you...
all over again.
Sandy, I... I wish
it had never happened.
I wish I could take it
all back, that night.
I wish I'd never run.
Me, too.
I got to go. But you should stay.
Hey. Sorry I called you away
from your hot date.
I'm sorry to hear your
Valentine's Day went so terrible.
Terrible? Uh, no, no,
try catastrophic.
I blew the comic book and I just completely
humiliated myself in front of Summer.
After the way I acted today, Ryan, I don't
even think I'd get back together with me.
Probably for the best.
I mean, with Zach and all.
Hey, you know what?
Truth is, he deserves her.
And clearly he's got the
universe on his side, so...
Hey. I didn't know
you were coming by.
Neither did I.
I guess I'm just sort of here.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, yeah.
I mean, I think I'm okay. I just had
a terrible dinner with my mom.
- My technique work?
- Guess so.
But also, it was knowing
I could come here and see you.
Not that I want to put any
pressure on you or anything,
it's just that's how I feel
and I had to say it.
Are you in the mood for the beach?
- Now?
- Yeah. It's almost time.
- Time for what?
- For the tide to change.
It's a little ritual I have for
whenever something really major
is about to change in my life.
I thought you said no dating
on Valentine's Day.
Screw it.
Come on.
I'm a huge fan
of spontaneous first dates.
I am, too.
No, look...
I'm not saying it's not bad. Hanging out
with my grandpa ranks very low
on the Valentine's scale. I just, you
know, I think mine's worse, I win.
You're right, yours is worse.
Look at all these people.
These normal, non-traumatized
people in relationships, in love.
Think we'll ever have that?
No.
Yeah, I'm with you.
The tide just turned.
Resync to DVDRip by MageMinds
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org